---
layout: post
title: "[Coursera] Conduct UX Research and Test Early Concepts 4-3"
subtitle: "Module 3: Analyzing and synthesizing research results"
cover-img: /assets/img/module4-3_path.jpg
thumbnail-img: /assets/img/module4-3_thumb.jpg
share-img: /assets/img/module4-3_path.jpg
tags: [UX]
--- 

## 4. Conduct UX Research and Test Early Concepts
### Module 3: Analyzing and synthesizing research results

> Learning Objectives
	- Derive actionable insights from themes identified in usability studies
    - Describe the qualities of a strong insights
	- Identify patterns and themes from observed data
	- Explain the steps to synthesize observed data into insights
	- Create an affinity diagram

### Make insights from observations

>  From observations to insights

- **Synthesize**: Combine ideas to draw conclusions. A synthesis evolves our understanding. 
- For example, remember how 4 of the 5 participants in our usability study said they want to be able to book a dog walker repeatedly? 
- By grouping these shared frustrations, we can understand how crucial this problem is and figure out ways to solve it -- this is our insight. 
- After we discover insights, we're ready to iterate on our design. 
	- **Iterate** means we revise the original design to create a new and improved version.
- UX design is all about coming up with an idea, getting feedback from participants or users, and iterating to make the idea better. 

> Developing insights

- **Insight**: An observation about people that helps you understand the user or their needs from a new perspective
- **From observations to insights**
	
    - Gather the data in one place
    - Organize the data
    - Find themes
    - Come up with insights: Write an insight that tells the design team how to improve the product based on each time
    
- The difference between **traditional** and **field research** is that field research focuses on collecting first-hand observations, such as audio, video, and in-person experiences. Traditional research, on the other hand, concentrates on collecting feedback and compiling data.