---
layout: post
title: "[Coursera] Introducing user experience design 1-4"
subtitle: "Module 1: Introducing user experience design"
cover-img: /assets/img/module1-4_path.jpg
thumbnail-img: /assets/img/module1-4_thumb.jpg
share-img: /assets/img/module1-4_path.jpg
tags: [UX]
---
## 1. Foundations of User Experience (UX) Design
### Module 4: Integrating research into the design process.

> Learning Objectives

- Identify and account for biases in UX research
- Explain research methods to use during the product development life cycle
- Describe the role of UX research in the design process
- List common research methods in UX design

> Emily - The power of UX research

- "All of the engineers in the back room had a new appreciation for research, for our users, and really learned to empathize with our user through research."

> Introduction to UX research

- ***UX research***: Focuses on understanding user behaviours, needs, and motivations through observation and feedback.
- The goal of user experience research is to prioritize the user. We also want to make sure business needs are met. 
- UX research can help bridge the gap between what a business thinks the user needs and what the user actually needs, before an expensive and time-consuming product is made.
#
- ***Product development life cycle***: The process used to take a product from an idea to reality.
- User research is a continuous part of the product development life cycle. 
- Research that takes place before anything is designed (Phase 3: design) is usually called foundational research (a.k.a. strategic or generative research.)
#
- Foundational research
- Answers the questions:
	- What should we build?
    - What are the user problems?
    - How can we solve them?
- The goal of foundational research is to help define the problem you would like to design a solution for.